In the first semester, we covered the fundamentals of Python, including loops, conditionals, functions, and dictionaries. In addition, we explored connections between math and computer science, including plotting, simulating the game of craps, and optimizing customer service at a bank.
I appreciate Apple’s energy this semester. While it is clear that Computer Science was perhaps not his preferred class choice, he still performed well throughout the semester. As such, Apple's problem set average was 84%, which indicates that he had a decent understanding of the majority of the topics covered this semester and that he was somewhat consistent about meeting deadlines. For his quiz average and final exam score, Apple got 82% and 80%, respectively, which demonstrated that he satisfactorily grasped the new content thoroughly and could often hand write algorithms without using outside resources.
In Apple's self reflection, he wrote: 
	Ich bin ein "Apfel" von Wertschatzung fur diesen Kurs
On the daily coding activities, Apple generally worked collaboratively since he mostly understood the material, but it did not always come easily. Often, he would help a classmate when they got stuck, or vice versa. In regard to using available resources like StackOverflow, Apple occasionally utilized these resources to troubleshoot and gain inspiration and internalized the solutions that he found. In terms of coming in for extra help, he sometimes came in for support, but I wish he would have done so more often as it may have taken him to the next level.
Apple’s group Bank Project grade was a 90%, which indicated that his effort, time management, and collaboration relating to larger group assignments were decent, although towards the end of the semester he seemed to occasionally be struggling to concentrate. Apple demonstrated a relative degree of enthusiasm and dedication when participating in the Hackathons. These assignments allowed students to put forth as much effort as they wished to, and Apple generally chose to use these opportunities to challenge himself and advance his skills.
Overall, Apple, without a doubt, had unbelievable amounts of fun in this class. More often than not, he could be found wearing a pink unicorn uni-suit, humming to himself as he typed away. I’m not sure if it’s the cannabis legalization or the vibrations in the classroom, but Apple was just… ultra stoked on life this semester.
