In the first semester, we covered the fundamentals of Python, including loops, conditionals, functions, and dictionaries. In addition, we explored connections between math and computer science, including plotting, simulating the game of craps, and optimizing customer service at a bank.
I am pleased with Banana’s progress this semester. As such, his problem set average was 92%, which indicates that he had a solid understanding of the majority of the topics covered this semester and that he was consistent about meeting deadlines. For his quiz average and final exam score, Banana got 90% and 94%, respectively, which demonstrated that he grasped the new content thoroughly and could hand write algorithms without using outside resources.
In Banana's self reflection, he wrote: 
	I am bananas for comp sci. 
On the daily coding activities, Banana worked mostly by himself since the material came easily to him, but he was happy to help a classmate when they got stuck. In regard to using available resources like StackOverflow, he wisely utilized these resources to troubleshoot and gain inspiration and internalized the solutions that he found. In terms of coming in for extra help, Banana rarely, if ever, needed to do so because he was so easily able to pick up the concepts in class.
Banana’s group Bank Project grade was a 98%, which indicated that his effort, time management, and collaboration relating to larger group assignments were excellent. In addition, he demonstrated significant enthusiasm and dedication when participating in the Hackathons. These assignments allowed students to put forth as much effort as they wished to, and Banana chose to use these opportunities to seriously challenge himself, think creatively, and advance his skills.
Overall, Banana, without a doubt, had unbelievable amounts of fun in this class. More often than not, he could be found wearing a pink unicorn uni-suit, humming to himself as he typed away. I’m not sure if it’s the cannabis legalization or the vibrations in the classroom, but Banana was just… ultra stoked on life this semester.
