In the first semester, we covered the fundamentals of Python, including loops, conditionals, functions, and dictionaries. In addition, we explored connections between math and computer science, including plotting, simulating the game of craps, and optimizing customer service at a bank.
Admittedly, Blackberry struggled this semester, but their perseverance despite Computer Science not being their favorite class was admirable. As such, their problem set average was 73%, which indicates that they had difficulty understanding some of the topics covered this semester and that they were sometimes inconsistent when it came to meeting deadlines. For their quiz average and final exam score, they got 66% and 63%, respectively, which demonstrated that they did not always grasp the new content thoroughly.
In Blackberry's self reflection, they wrote: 
	Can't say this was all smoothie sailing for me. I definitely struggled with all of the quizzes.
On the daily coding activities, Blackberry mostly worked collaboratively since they did not always pick up the material as easily as others. Often, they would seek help from a classmate when they got stuck. In terms of coming in for extra help, Blackberry occasionally came in for support, but I wish they would have done so more often as it may have improved their success in the class.
Blackberry’s group Bank Project grade was a 89%, which indicated that their effort, time management, and collaboration relating to larger group assignments were lacking. Blackberry also demonstrated a dearth of enthusiasm and dedication when participating in the Hackathons. These assignments allowed students to put forth as much effort as they wished to, and Blackberry generally chose to use these opportunities to rely on those around them instead of trying to advance their skills.
Overall, Blackberry seemed to generally enjoy themself in this class. Generally, they was upbeat as they typed away. I hope that Blackberry enjoyed their first semester of Comp Sci!
