In the first semester, we covered the fundamentals of Python, including loops, conditionals, functions, and dictionaries. In addition, we explored connections between math and computer science, including plotting, simulating the game of craps, and optimizing customer service at a bank.
Admittedly, Grape struggled this semester, but his perseverance despite Computer Science not being his favorite class was admirable. As such, his problem set average was 76%, which indicates that he had difficulty understanding some of the topics covered this semester and that he was sometimes inconsistent when it came to meeting deadlines. For his quiz average and final exam score, he got 61% and 56%, respectively, which demonstrated that he did not always grasp the new content thoroughly.
In Grape's self reflection, he wrote: 
	I hate this class. Which is why I never show up. Have a grape day.
On the daily coding activities, Grape mostly worked collaboratively since he did not always pick up the material as easily as others. Often, he would seek help from a classmate when he got stuck. In terms of coming in for extra help, Grape occasionally came in for support, but I wish he would have done so more often as it may have improved his success in the class.
Grape’s group Bank Project grade was a 90%, which indicated that his effort, time management, and collaboration relating to larger group assignments were decent, although towards the end of the semester he seemed to occasionally be struggling to concentrate. Grape demonstrated a relative degree of enthusiasm and dedication when participating in the Hackathons. These assignments allowed students to put forth as much effort as they wished to, and Grape generally chose to use these opportunities to challenge himself and advance his skills.
Ok. One last thing. Let me lay this out for you. If Grape were in Winnie the Pooh, he’d be Eeyore. For hours on end, it seemed, he would sit forlornly in the corner staring out the window imagining what I can only guess is the most efficient path towards their own defenestration. Grape's verbal inflection was painfully monotonal, as it seemed that all vestiges of happiness and positive mental dispositions had been torn out of his existence. I really have nowhere to point Grape, as it seems that he is destined to live out his days as a hermit in some far off abandoned island as far away from human contact as he can possibly get.
