In the first semester, we covered the fundamentals of Python, including loops, conditionals, functions, and dictionaries. In addition, we explored connections between math and computer science, including plotting, simulating the game of craps, and optimizing customer service at a bank.
I am pleased with Huckleberry’s progress this semester. As such, his problem set average was 100%, which indicates that he had a solid understanding of the majority of the topics covered this semester and that he was consistent about meeting deadlines. For his quiz average and final exam score, Huckleberry got 97% and 99%, respectively, which demonstrated that he grasped the new content thoroughly and could hand write algorithms without using outside resources.
In Huckleberry's self reflection, he wrote: 
	Jim said that bees won't sting idiots, but I didn't believe that, because I tried them lots of times myself and they wouldn't sting me.
On the daily coding activities, Huckleberry worked mostly by himself since the material came easily to him, but he was happy to help a classmate when they got stuck. In regard to using available resources like StackOverflow, he wisely utilized these resources to troubleshoot and gain inspiration and internalized the solutions that he found. In terms of coming in for extra help, Huckleberry rarely, if ever, needed to do so because he was so easily able to pick up the concepts in class.
Huckleberry’s group Bank Project grade was a 98%, which indicated that his effort, time management, and collaboration relating to larger group assignments were excellent. In addition, he demonstrated significant enthusiasm and dedication when participating in the Hackathons. These assignments allowed students to put forth as much effort as they wished to, and Huckleberry chose to use these opportunities to seriously challenge himself, think creatively, and advance his skills.
Overall, Huckleberry seemed to generally enjoy himself in this class. Generally, he was upbeat as he typed away. I hope that Huckleberry enjoyed his first semester of Comp Sci!
