In the first semester, we covered the fundamentals of Python, including loops, conditionals, functions, and dictionaries. In addition, we explored connections between math and computer science, including plotting, simulating the game of craps, and optimizing customer service at a bank.
I appreciate Lemon’s energy this semester. While it is clear that Computer Science was perhaps not his preferred class choice, he still performed well throughout the semester. As such, Lemon's problem set average was 80%, which indicates that he had a decent understanding of the majority of the topics covered this semester and that he was somewhat consistent about meeting deadlines. For his quiz average and final exam score, Lemon got 85% and 78%, respectively, which demonstrated that he satisfactorily grasped the new content thoroughly and could often hand write algorithms without using outside resources.
In Lemon's self reflection, he wrote: 
	Barring the final, I enjoyed the vast majority of this class. Please lemon retake the final. 
On the daily coding activities, Lemon generally worked collaboratively since he mostly understood the material, but it did not always come easily. Often, he would help a classmate when they got stuck, or vice versa. In regard to using available resources like StackOverflow, Lemon occasionally utilized these resources to troubleshoot and gain inspiration and internalized the solutions that he found. In terms of coming in for extra help, he sometimes came in for support, but I wish he would have done so more often as it may have taken him to the next level.
Lemon’s group Bank Project grade was a 93%, which indicated that his effort, time management, and collaboration relating to larger group assignments were decent, although towards the end of the semester he seemed to occasionally be struggling to concentrate. Lemon demonstrated a relative degree of enthusiasm and dedication when participating in the Hackathons. These assignments allowed students to put forth as much effort as they wished to, and Lemon generally chose to use these opportunities to challenge himself and advance his skills.
Overall, Lemon seemed to generally enjoy himself in this class. Generally, he was upbeat as he typed away. I hope that Lemon enjoyed his first semester of Comp Sci!
