In the first semester, we covered the fundamentals of Python, including loops, conditionals, functions, and dictionaries. In addition, we explored connections between math and computer science, including plotting, simulating the game of craps, and optimizing customer service at a bank.
I am pleased with Orange’s progress this semester. As such, her problem set average was 98%, which indicates that she had a solid understanding of the majority of the topics covered this semester and that she was consistent about meeting deadlines. For her quiz average and final exam score, Orange got 93% and 90%, respectively, which demonstrated that she grasped the new content thoroughly and could hand write algorithms without using outside resources.
In Orange's self reflection, she wrote: 
	Orange you glad I found success in this class?
On the daily coding activities, Orange worked mostly by herself since the material came easily to her, but she was happy to help a classmate when they got stuck. In regard to using available resources like StackOverflow, she wisely utilized these resources to troubleshoot and gain inspiration and internalized the solutions that she found. In terms of coming in for extra help, Orange rarely, if ever, needed to do so because she was so easily able to pick up the concepts in class.
Orange’s group Bank Project grade was a 100%, which indicated that her effort, time management, and collaboration relating to larger group assignments were excellent. In addition, she demonstrated significant enthusiasm and dedication when participating in the Hackathons. These assignments allowed students to put forth as much effort as they wished to, and Orange chose to use these opportunities to seriously challenge herself, think creatively, and advance her skills.
Overall, Orange, without a doubt, had unbelievable amounts of fun in this class. More often than not, she could be found wearing a pink unicorn uni-suit, humming to herself as she typed away. I’m not sure if it’s the cannabis legalization or the vibrations in the classroom, but Orange was just… ultra stoked on life this semester.
