In the first semester, we covered the fundamentals of Python, including loops, conditionals, functions, and dictionaries. In addition, we explored connections between math and computer science, including plotting, simulating the game of craps, and optimizing customer service at a bank.
I am pleased with Passion’s progress this semester. As such, her problem set average was 99%, which indicates that she had a solid understanding of the majority of the topics covered this semester and that she was consistent about meeting deadlines. For her quiz average and final exam score, Passion got 100% and 100%, respectively, which demonstrated that she grasped the new content thoroughly and could hand write algorithms without using outside resources.
In Passion's self reflection, she wrote: 
	I am extremely passionate about computer science, so I really think this class was overall an extremely satisfactory experience. I've already taken a couple of comp sci courses so none of the material was new to me and I felt that all of the assignments, problem sets, and quizzes were extremely easy.
On the daily coding activities, Passion worked mostly by herself since the material came easily to her, but she was happy to help a classmate when they got stuck. In regard to using available resources like StackOverflow, she wisely utilized these resources to troubleshoot and gain inspiration and internalized the solutions that she found. In terms of coming in for extra help, Passion rarely, if ever, needed to do so because she was so easily able to pick up the concepts in class.
Passion’s group Bank Project grade was a 100%, which indicated that her effort, time management, and collaboration relating to larger group assignments were excellent. In addition, she demonstrated significant enthusiasm and dedication when participating in the Hackathons. These assignments allowed students to put forth as much effort as they wished to, and Passion chose to use these opportunities to seriously challenge herself, think creatively, and advance her skills.
Ok. One last thing. Let me lay this out for you. If Passion were in Winnie the Pooh, she’d be Eeyore. For hours on end, it seemed, she would sit forlornly in the corner staring out the window imagining what I can only guess is the most efficient path towards their own defenestration. Passion's verbal inflection was painfully monotonal, as it seemed that all vestiges of happiness and positive mental dispositions had been torn out of her existence. I really have nowhere to point Passion, as it seems that she is destined to live out her days as a hermit in some far off abandoned island as far away from human contact as she can possibly get.
