In the first semester, we covered the fundamentals of Python, including loops, conditionals, functions, and dictionaries. In addition, we explored connections between math and computer science, including plotting, simulating the game of craps, and optimizing customer service at a bank.
I am pleased with Strawberry’s progress this semester. As such, her problem set average was 95%, which indicates that she had a solid understanding of the majority of the topics covered this semester and that she was consistent about meeting deadlines. For her quiz average and final exam score, Strawberry got 99% and 98%, respectively, which demonstrated that she grasped the new content thoroughly and could hand write algorithms without using outside resources.
In Strawberry's self reflection, she wrote: 
	You jammed a lot of material in this semester, but when I straw my grade and thought, that is berry good. 
On the daily coding activities, Strawberry worked mostly by herself since the material came easily to her, but she was happy to help a classmate when they got stuck. In regard to using available resources like StackOverflow, she wisely utilized these resources to troubleshoot and gain inspiration and internalized the solutions that she found. In terms of coming in for extra help, Strawberry rarely, if ever, needed to do so because she was so easily able to pick up the concepts in class.
Strawberry’s group Bank Project grade was a 95%, which indicated that her effort, time management, and collaboration relating to larger group assignments were excellent. In addition, she demonstrated significant enthusiasm and dedication when participating in the Hackathons. These assignments allowed students to put forth as much effort as they wished to, and Strawberry chose to use these opportunities to seriously challenge herself, think creatively, and advance her skills.
Overall, Strawberry seemed to generally enjoy herself in this class. Generally, she was upbeat as she typed away. I hope that Strawberry enjoyed her first semester of Comp Sci!
