In the first semester, we covered the fundamentals of Python, including loops, conditionals, functions, and dictionaries. In addition, we explored connections between math and computer science, including plotting, simulating the game of craps, and optimizing customer service at a bank.
I am pleased with Tomato’s progress this semester. As such, her problem set average was 90%, which indicates that she had a solid understanding of the majority of the topics covered this semester and that she was consistent about meeting deadlines. For her quiz average and final exam score, Tomato got 84% and 86%, respectively, which demonstrated that she grasped the new content thoroughly and could hand write algorithms without using outside resources.
In Tomato's self reflection, she wrote: 
	Comp sci is my favorite class. I love figuring out a difficult problem. It makes me shiver from my head tomatoes.
On the daily coding activities, Tomato generally worked collaboratively since she mostly understood the material, but it did not always come easily. Often, she would help a classmate when they got stuck, or vice versa. In regard to using available resources like StackOverflow, Tomato occasionally utilized these resources to troubleshoot and gain inspiration and internalized the solutions that she found. In terms of coming in for extra help, she sometimes came in for support, but I wish she would have done so more often as it may have taken her to the next level.
Tomato’s group Bank Project grade was a 95%, which indicated that her effort, time management, and collaboration relating to larger group assignments were excellent. In addition, she demonstrated significant enthusiasm and dedication when participating in the Hackathons. These assignments allowed students to put forth as much effort as they wished to, and Tomato chose to use these opportunities to seriously challenge herself, think creatively, and advance her skills.
Overall, Tomato, without a doubt, had unbelievable amounts of fun in this class. More often than not, she could be found wearing a pink unicorn uni-suit, humming to herself as she typed away. I’m not sure if it’s the cannabis legalization or the vibrations in the classroom, but Tomato was just… ultra stoked on life this semester.
