In the first semester, we covered the fundamentals of Python, including loops, conditionals, functions, and dictionaries. In addition, we explored connections between math and computer science, including plotting, simulating the game of craps, and optimizing customer service at a bank.
I am pleased with Water’s progress this semester. As such, their problem set average was 92%, which indicates that they had a solid understanding of the majority of the topics covered this semester and that they were consistent about meeting deadlines. For their quiz average and final exam score, Water got 93% and 89%, respectively, which demonstrated that they grasped the new content thoroughly and could hand write algorithms without using outside resources.
In Water's self reflection, they wrote: 
	I trust your evaluation, so I think a self-reflection is not necessary. Water you think about my progress this year?
On the daily coding activities, Water generally worked collaboratively since they mostly understood the material, but it did not always come easily. Often, they would help a classmate when they got stuck, or vice versa. In regard to using available resources like StackOverflow, Water occasionally utilized these resources to troubleshoot and gain inspiration and internalized the solutions that they found. In terms of coming in for extra help, they sometimes came in for support, but I wish they would have done so more often as it may have taken them to the next level.
Water’s group Bank Project grade was a 90%, which indicated that their effort, time management, and collaboration relating to larger group assignments were decent, although towards the end of the semester they seemed to occasionally be struggling to concentrate. Water demonstrated a relative degree of enthusiasm and dedication when participating in the Hackathons. These assignments allowed students to put forth as much effort as they wished to, and Water generally chose to use these opportunities to challenge themself and advance their skills.
Overall, Water, without a doubt, had unbelievable amounts of fun in this class. More often than not, they could be found wearing a pink unicorn uni-suit, humming to themself as they typed away. I’m not sure if it’s the cannabis legalization or the vibrations in the classroom, but Water was just… ultra stoked on life this semester.
